README.md: add a tiny amount of articles (#2688)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: README.md

VictoriaMetrics has the following prominent features:

* It can be used as long-term storage for Prometheus. See [these docs](#prometheus-setup) for details.
* It can be used as a drop-in replacement for Prometheus in Grafana, because it supports [Prometheus querying API](#prometheus-querying-api-usage).

> * It can be used as  adrop-in replacement for Graphite in Grafana, because it supports [Graphite API](#graphite-api-usage).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* It can be used as  a drop-in replacement for Graphite in Grafana, because it supports [Graphite API](#graphite-api-usage).
```
